every holiday season there's one toy
everyone has to have getting it is every
child's dream can be a real loser
finding it you got the doll right is
this father's nightmare
I'll get that Toya especially on
Christmas Eve
[Music]
where's your Christmas spirit
the last one just left now it's two
fathers this is one mission baby and
every man for himself you can never do
too much to make a child's Christmas
magical hey buddy
[Music]
from the director of mrs. Doubtfire you
want a turbo man for Christmas forget it
I'm not gonna sit the new lab Tony from
that was taken this morning and from the
director of the Flintstones
no no of course there's some assembly
required with you guys are nothing but a
bunch of sleazy con man in red suits
Arnold Schwarzenegger bad this man is
totally insane thank you Christmas comes
but once a year jingle all the way
you pick the wrong day